ovpkg - OverlayFS package installer for OpenWrt-Zipit

This set of scripts allow you to create an overlayfs filesystem image
on an external hard drive, usb stick or sd card and install openwrt 
packages to it. The overlayfs is mounted on top of the root filesystem 
so the packages appear as if they were installed to the root filesystem.

Included scripts and some info about them:

The first script, mkoverlay, is used to create an ext2 disk image file 
for use with overlayfs. It uses dd to create the image file, partitions 
it with fdisk, and formats it with mke2fs. The first argument to 
mkoverlay is the disk image size and the second is the full path and 
filename where the disk image will reside on your card. To create a 
128Mb image file, first make sure your card is mounted (probably to 
/mnt/mmcblk0p1) then run:

	mkoverlay 128 /mnt/mmcblk0p1/myimagefilename.img

When the script is finished you will have a fresh disk image to install
software to. The mkoverlay script creates /etc/ovpkg.conf with the path
and filename of your image. If you use the example above it would look
like this:

	SD_ROOTFS=/mnt/mmcblk0p1/myimagefilename.img

There also needs to be some changes to the opkg config file. This will
tell opkg to install packages in our overlayfs/image file. Add the
following to /etc/opkg.conf:

	dest card /overlay

Now we are ready to mount the image file with the ovmount script. This
script doesn't need any arguments, just type 'ovmount' and it does all
the work. First it creates the image file loop device, then mounts the
loop device to /overlay, then mounts the dirs in /overlay on top of 
the root dirs as overlayfs. You can also unmount the overlay with the
uovmount script.

With the overlay mounted you can proceed using the ovpkg script. Use
ovpkg in the same way you would use opkg except do not use the -d or
--dest option. ovpkg sets the destination automatically to the
card/image file. So, if you want to install supertux to the card you
would run:

	ovpkg install supertux

This will install the software to /overlay (the image file) and 
remount the image so that all symbolic links show properly. If you 
want to install something to the jffs2 partition you can still use
opkg as normal.

Lastly, there is an eject script that will unmount the overlays, 
remove the loop device and unmount the card. You should use this if
you want to remove the card from the Zipit while booted. It's quicker
than running uovmount and then unmounting the card manually.
